Actor Qin Xiao, who plays Emperor Wu, today won the Oscar for Best Actor.
The King of Cinema.
Please have a meal.
I am 95 Supreme.
How can breakfast just require a glass of milk and a few pieces of bread?
If this is a full seat
My family doesn't know.
Adult wives do.
Why can't I eat?
Ever since I knew you were a thousand year old dish
I always feel like your husband eats early.
I am the great before the five emperors.
In all of these romantic novels, I'm the male lead.
Unfortunately, the Great Qin 28
I ascended the throne at the age of eight.
Ten-year-old competition for the four seas of peace in the world Great Qin II
Qin Yu, why are you here?
Look at your star.
The Oscar has got it back for you.
Thank you, Mrs. Chen.
You said you didn't go to this award ceremony.
I have to send it back to you myself.
You don't even know that there are a lot of directors around I want your contact information.
It's not Mrs. Chen's play.
I'm not going.
That's right.
I can't get down, do you want to ask?
What play is that?
Nine Years Supreme